---
layout: post
title: TDM-GCC 9.2.0 release
categories: [release,new series,changelog]
comments: false
excerpt: |

  I'm proud to present a new series of TDM-GCC binaries based around GCC 9. It's
  been a long time coming, but getting back into the groove of delivering a
  Windows-friendly GCC toolchain was both a lot of work and an enjoyable
  challenge!

  <p />

  Keep reading for download links and change notes.

---

I'm proud to present a new series of TDM-GCC binaries based around GCC 9. It's
been a long time coming, but getting back into the groove of delivering a
Windows-friendly GCC toolchain was both a lot of work and an enjoyable
challenge!

{% include download-release.html %}

Check the [download page]({{ site.url }}/download) for links to individual components and sources.

## Change Log

**Move everything to Github!**

In the years since the last TDM-GCC release, Github has outpaced SourceForge for
ease of development, modern dev tools, and general credibility. I'm happy to
announce that all TDM-GCC sources are now on Github, and it's much easier to
track the ongoing changes and underlying process that drive TDM-GCC releases.

The TDM-GCC website is enjoying a redesign and a new home on Github pages!

**Start using StGit to track patches**

Every package with TDM patches contains a folder published in Git named
`_PATCHES`, which gives users an easy way to import TDM patches; the Git commit
history is also managed by StGit and is amenable to merges and pull requests.
- [GCC patches](https://github.com/jmeubank/tdm-gcc-src/tree/tdm-patches.public/_PATCHES)
- [GNU binutils patches](https://github.com/jmeubank/tdm-binutils-gdb/tree/tdm-patches-binutils.public/_PATCHES)
- [GDB patches](https://github.com/jmeubank/tdm-binutils-gdb/tree/tdm-patches-gdb.public/_PATCHES)
- [MinGW-w64 patches](https://github.com/jmeubank/mingw-w64/tree/v7.x.public/_PATCHES)

**Switch GDB to Python 3**

TDM GDB64 and GDB32 now come with a Python 3 distribution - Python 3.8.1 -
instead of Python 2. The change seems to be fairly seamless from a GDB
standpoint, but if you develop Python extensions, you do have to change some of
your Python 2 habits.

**Enable NLS for TDM32 (not yet TDM64)**

Since MinGW.org releases GCC binaries with NLS - Native Language Support - it
seemed right to add that feature into the TDM32 MingW.org based binaries.

**Miscellanea**
- License text updates for COPYING.MinGW.txt, LICENSE-python.txt
- Addition of optional windows-default-manifest component, enabled by default
- Yanked a bunch more patches from MSYS2 and mingw-builds
